[Curtain up]
[Two people, P & Dr, sit at a round, white, brightly spotlit two-top table in an otherwise empty room with sound dampening baffles hidden behind its thick black wallpaper, as though one is interviewing the other for public access television.]
PAT: I want to make a zombie musical.
[The music starts]
DOC: Okay, spooky. Is this for the autumn holiday season?
PAT: No, it's a different thing.
DOC: Which?
[Pause]
PAT: This is all because of a musician.
DOC: Ah.
PAT: One that has forsaken me. Personally.
DOC: Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. 
And that's why you want to make this musical?
PAT: Online. They're DEAD to me.
Get it? It's also a comedy.
DOC: [Distracted] Let me know.
PAT: [Eerily focused] Oh, for sure. And that's part of it, currently. 
Another is because this musician, this artist — who was already anonymous, as far as I was concerned, before taking the extraordinary step of forsaking me, limiting my access to existing and future content, eternally, online — doesn't make enough of their music. So, without a doubt, I want to hear more music like that.
[Pause]
DOC: What?
PAT: Like this musician's music, which I loved so much before being forcibly excluded from their lifestyle.
DOC: The music is embedded in their lifestyle? Or it's the PERSON you love, and you miss them.
PAT: And still do, and no, just any supplemental material — posts, likes, updates, and so forth. 
Nothing about the person — though we'll get to that later — like I said, anonymous. 
But I can still listen to the old music. That's just IT.
DOC: What is?
PAT: All there is. All I GET. 
Is one reason.
DOC: Can someone like me listen to their work? How would I find it? 
PAT: Well, it's usually spelled one way, i.e., the traditional way.
DOC: Mmm.
PAT: But if one spelled it one OTHER way —
DOC: Why?
PAT: Exactly.
[Pause]
DOC: What? 
PAT: Shouldn't have trouble, no.
DOC: Mm ... hmm. Well —
PAT: The other reason is —
DOC: Sorry, what makes it so good? I mean — why do you like it so much that you want to, I don't want to say "counterfeit" it, but —
PAT: You can say 'counterfeit.' That's fine, although this is too many questions. 
That's another reason too, I suppose.
DOC: The one you were about to say.
PAT: No.
DOC: OK.
PAT: There's too many reasons.
DOC: We've got plenty of time.
[Pause]
PAT: Almost undeniably, there is an interest in convincing, or even fooling, myself — not to mention others who may also crave this sort of thing, and not know why, or how to do it — into believing that the original music I produce and distribute to the world, all of my fabulous music in this brand new zombie musical — which is also a comedy, even though the music isn't funny, but we'll talk more about that in a minute, if there's time — is like a dream come true, finally.
DOC: Alright. Well, how—
PAT: More, more, so much more of what I've always wanted, at least for the past ten years or so, that I can hardly handle it or stand it at all and it just keeps coming, and that threatens to devalue it even though it's so good and fun to listen to and useful, but then luckily it ends and it's not like it just went on forever, which was the fear at a certain point, but it's something you could have gotten used to if it had come down to that. So yeah, nothing — to be AFRAID, of any more. 
[Pause]
DOC: Scary!
PAT: Perhaps it's just me, but I long to produce that sort of work, enable that sort of experience, and elicit that sort of reaction from an audience, whenever they encounter and finally realize what I've done.
DOC: Wow.
PAT: Yeah. It's pretty unbearable. 
But the other one I was going to say was just to try, you know, to try to use the skills and tools I have or have developed to make a work of art, a good one, or I guess something, an object which expresses something, a communication that is crucially me or mine to express, and which I WANT to express, that I think is valuable to transmit to the world at large, and which other people may also therefore enjoy.
DOC: Therefore?
PAT: Meaning, as a serially consequent result of my self-assessed importance of thought.
DOC: That's where, I think, you lost me. 
PAT: Yeah. Well, that's not really, you know, part of the deal. My reasons can be incomplete, or wrong-headed, or even terrible. 
I didn't have to say that thing about other people enjoying it at all.
[A muffled scream in the distance]
DOC: I was afraid of that.
PAT: It's nothing to be afraid. Of COURSE, life is scary, but this isn't the autumn masque and bonfire ceremony. We're not trying to emphasize our cruelest aspects, or even reconcile them.
It's just art, baby, freed from commerce and all its pressures. 
Free of life.
DOC: And more than likely, free of charge. 
Apologies — that's a bad, not to mention seriously discouraging, joke.
PAT: Remember, it's also a bit of a comedy.
DOC: I'm sorry.
PAT: But no, for real ... you think people would pay MONEY to see something like this?
DOC: How does it look?
PAT: Listen to it, then.
[Pause]
DOC: I'm not sure what I'm listening for, but I would pay for this, sure.
PAT: You would?
DOC: I mean, no. If I was a PERSON. It might be a conflict of interest anyway. 
PAT: Conflict of — horse puckey. You don't like it, that's what's going on.
DOC: [Looking at watch] You know what, shoot. I have something else I've committed, uh — I'm booked solid. 
PAT: You don't have to lie to me, or make up excuses. 
It's just an idea, something I could do. Maybe it's a bad idea. 
Maybe I shouldn't do it, even if I DO fully believe it's gorgeous and needs to be shared with the world to improve everybody's quality of life.
DOC: Do you really think that?
PAT: Of course I do. I'm an artist. 
There's no LIMIT to the bullshit I can think about.
DOC: But what if you're wrong?
PAT: What if I was RIGHT? That's the scary one, pal.
DOC: Why does that scare you?
PAT: Why does everything. Look, I'll ask the questions here. 
DOC: That's not the way it usually works.
PAT: Maybe I'm one of a kind. Maybe I'm one in a million!
DOC: We all are.
PAT: That wasn't a question. But it reminded me, another reason is, there's another album, by another artist, that I think I want to emulate and this sounds like too.
DOC: [Sighs] And how did THIS anonymous musician wrong you?
PAT: I can't believe you would actually sigh.
DOC: Like I said, we're all human. 
We have to breathe, and sometimes we build up an excess.
PAT: Is that what does it?
DOC: Not surprising you wouldn't know.
PAT: I forget. But it's not always about being wronged. 
Like I believe I've alluded to, it's about trying to reproduce or otherwise live up to the things I like, and which other people seem to like as well as me.
DOC: An ideal.
PAT: Excuse me?
DOC: That's what we like to live up to. I'm trying to avoid questioning, the way you asked.
PAT: I don't think these are ideals. I don't think there's some ... apotheosis. 
Or if there is, it's not what I'm striving towards.
DOC: I just thought your choice of words was interesting.
PAT: Me too! Yet ANOTHER reason. 
I believe I'm good at writing — word choices, of course, in addition to music notes, I guess. But sure, there's a certain element of needing to live up to my parents' ideas, about me writing a comedy musical. 
That's not the primary motivator, I don't think, but it's in the mix, even though they may not like it at all.
DOC: I wasn't —
PAT: It's fine. It might even be my projection of what they want. It's not real pressure. 
They'll appreciate that I'm happy with the end product, if I am, and I can't imagine I won't be. 
Everybody has a variety of purposes for their life. 
Everyone has a dozen or so reasons, maybe more.
DOC: Absolutely, uh, sure.
PAT: So I should do it?
DOC: That's not ... ultimately, it's up to you. You certainly seem to have your mind set on it, along with a good number of other things ... going on.
PAT: Are you superstitious?
DOC: A little bit.
PAT: Because there are a few more. 
DOC: You know, you don't have to convince me. Unless —
PAT: This isn't about money, or promotional word of mouth, or any other sort of hustle. I just want to make a zombie musical that isn't too funny, and this is the way I'm going to do it.
DOC: Well that's that settled, then! But seriously though, now that you've resolved to do it, how do —
PAT: The artist's music is silent.
[Pause]
Most successful musicals are not silent — or if many are, I'm not familiar with them. So they have to be successful solely on a small scale, what's called a 'nietszch demographic.' 
This has never been common knowledge before, which actually makes it one of the more compelling reasons for you to produce the show. It's possible for a musical to be successful in the current era even if it only appeals to a staggeringly small number of audience members, as it turns out. Which—
DOC: I'm sorry. The musical is silent?
PAT: There aren't any word notes, or 'lyrics.' I believe it's called a book, or it would be.
DOC: So it's just ... a BOOK, then? But WITHOUT any lyrics, or ... footnotes? 
Forgive me for being confused. Also, I'm not really available, or able, to produce anything — musical shows, wordless books, or otherwise. Sorry if I've misrepresented myself.
PAT: No, no, that's fine — but the BOOK, that's what there WOULD be, in a more typical musical. 
What THIS is. But obviously there's music too.
It's just silent.
DOC: Oh ... kay. I suppose that IS rather unusual. I must admit, I haven't heard of anything like THAT!
PAT: Well, it's an emerging market — but then again, you haven't even heard of the world-famous celebrity artist who inspired me, by viciously cancelling my personal user experience on social media, and in the public square no less.
DOC: Hang on. You were cancelled, publicly? 
[Nervously] Was there ... a conviction?
PAT: Basically. 
Due to a series of comments I made, and strong convictions on both sides, absolutely. Logistics-wise, I was BLOCKED. 
Still am! I made sure, just now, right before I decided to come here and begin recording the musical with you.
DOC: Oh, uh, good. Not to diminish your personal experience, but I thought we were maybe talkin' a LEGAL thing, which — well, it would have altered my, um, approach.
PAT: You couldn't possibly diminish my experience. 
I can do and decide to perceive anything I want, and then use that as inspiration to make music, musicals, memoirs — anything, really. 
You can't stop me.
DOC: I'm not trying to.
PAT: It's fine. You can try if you want. Try super hard, I don't care at all.
That's probably one of the most straightforward reasons, honestly.
DOC: To try?
PAT: To combat all the people seeking to strike me down, cancel and block me, report or impede my stride. To produce a fortification, which also works operationally as a weapon on the field of battle.
DOC: Jesus Christ.
PAT: That reminds me. There's ANOTHER album that I want to plagiarize, but that one is a lot sadder, so it's not a very important reason.
DOC: [Facetiously] Well THAT'S fortunate, at least.
PAT: Yeah. 
It's actually doubly sad, because I kind of want to make fun of it. Don't tell anyone.
DOC: I can't imagine I would. But I thought you said the music wasn't funny?
PAT: Yeah. Let's talk about that.
DOC: OK. [Hangs head]
PAT: [Totally not noticing anymore] It needs to be RIGHT in the sweet spot. It needs to be just short of actually, you know, GOOD. 
But it also needs to have verisimilitude, and since I believe the artist's work is good, there's—
DOC: Which one?
PAT: The main one. 
DOC: Not the other two?
PAT: There are actually three other ones — people reasons, that is. And they're all GREAT, you should definitely give them ALL a shot if you can. 
But never mind that. How do you think we'll be able to tell if we find that sweet spot?
DOC: I have no idea.
PAT: It can't be too funny.
DOC: Yeah, I doubt it.
[Pause]
Aren't there other things you could do with all this energy?
PAT: Obviously, yes, of course. And I'm doing those things too. 
Sometimes, people get a desire like this, and they chase it for a while, but ultimately just have to abandon it in favor of other priorities. So it doesn't hurt to stack 'em up.
DOC: I can't recall anything like that ever happening to anyone I know.
PAT: And maybe I will. But for now, I'm following the vein, as it were, and going ahead and recording it with you.
DOC: [Laughs nervously] I'm not sure I'm the right one to solve all, or even any, of your admittedly interesting-to-you problems!
PAT: You've already helped so much, though. I couldn't do it without you.
Seriously — you GOT this. Anything I can do to make it more fun?
[Pause]
DOC: [Sighs even more dramatically] I'm just not sure I understand what you WANT.
PAT: Careful, it might become a catchphrase and you'll suffocate yourself. 
[Chuckles] Kidding.
Which reasons are you getting hung up on? The artist whom wronged me horribly, or the others, whether sad or glorious, that I seek to emulate, or my various unusual goals I propose to realize through this unrealistic project, combining music and unsung intercommunication, which I call 'silence,' into one single albeit singularly seriously not funny gesamtkunstwerk of melodic theater and non-musical comedy for the masses around the world to criticize and enjoy?
[Pause]
DOC: I'm not sure that counts as a gesamtkunstwerk.
PAT: Oh, but it must, by the standards of the gesamtkunstwerk competition I intend to enter it into once it is complete! Lucky for you, the guidelines are QUITE generous nowadays, if only to drive submission volumes up. 
I can't say much more about that, because the entries need to be anonymous. I'm sure you understand.
DOC: If anything, LESS than a few minutes ago.
PAT: Well, if that was the only 'red flag,' my taxonomy criteria — we should be good to go! 
And I agree, this all fits into place and makes sense as a thing we would be doing, and are.
[Nods furiously]
DOC: So tell me more about this, uh, music, I guess. That should be easy?
PAT: Ah, good question! NO, it's NOT easy to explain, much less understand, why I like it so much. And nobody I know will listen to or talk about it with me.
[Points to music]
But if YOU listen closely, I hope, you should be able to identify some of the signatures.
It's hypnotic. Repetitive, some might even say, if they ever take me up on it. 
A lot of times, it kind of sounds like a single motif being played with two alternating synth patches, and that's it. It's pretty arrogant music, I reckon.
DOC: You don't think you're projecting that onto it?
PAT: Could be. But I'm also not sure I have to justify my experience of the music, you know? 
Even if I'm wrong, it doesn't change the project.
DOC: How could it not? You have to be sensible about the motivations for your pursuit.
PAT: I'm being entirely sensible. You can be sensible and still be wrong. 
It might even lead to better work.
DOC: That's certainly an alluring hypothesis.
PAT: I'm living proof.
DOC: I thought you wanted to keep this context-free.
PAT: I can't omit my entire self. We just won't talk about it. 
Like I said, this artist, the primary one. They're perfectly anonymous, even though their name is public now, it turns out. 
But I didn't even know that until today, before the session — and besides, the person, or their human personality, simply CAN'T have any influence on the music's appreciation by the masses, because of their self-induced anonymity. No gossip columnist or Wikipedia editor can change that preference.
We, the great herd of unwashed zombies, remain free to enjoy the artistry and historical referenceship of their music, without needing to love or even care about the human being who made it at all, because that's what they have chosen. 
And I suppose they doubled down on that choice with me personally. So I get to enjoy it twice as much!
DOC: Mm-hmm.
PAT: We don't need to talk about me though, or why, anymore, but just trust me, okay? I am at my best when following my instincts and a little unsure of what I'm doing, but having a good time, with a plan in mind.
DOC: Right.
PAT: The best results. And I certainly do! 
Clear as day. 
Basically, right now, I'm just wasting precious moments trying to whip out more and more reasons for you, when my mind is already set upon this plan, especially since all of my reasons I can think of involve me again, which inevitably just generates more scum to scrub off it. Ugh!
[Pause]
DOC: I'm sorry you feel that way. Glad to help clean up. 
And I don't need any more reasons, as I'm sure you're actually aware. Perhaps it helps YOU, to psyche yourself up.
PAT: Psyche! You owe me a Coke.
DOC: That's "jinx."
PAT: No, that's when we both say the same word.
[Pause]
DOC: I'll try to remember to get you a Coke.
PAT: Thanks. But I don't need anything else. I'm good. Really great! 
I AM now realizing, though, that I have to determine how MUCH of myself to scrape or otherwise erase off of it.
DOC: Off of what?
PAT: The musical. Obviously, I can say it's by a fake alias or some late-night buffoon, attribution isn't the issue.
DOC: [Impatiently] Tell me the issue.
PAT: [Oblivious still] People are going to know it's me, and they're going to be able to see all of my unusual fascinations and decisions in all their glory or whatever the opposite of glory is, with no filter or protection, and I may not be able to hide or escape from their gaze.
DOC: Isn't that kind of the point of, you know, art?
PAT: Maybe. 
I mean, no. Which part?
DOC: Pouring your ideas and own self into a majestic, you know, piece, of — you said it better, earlier, than I will. But just like, laying yourself bare and expressing something uniquely you.
PAT: Oh, totally. I thought you meant the artist being subject to everyone's constant surveillance of their vulnerable naked self as a result of having successfully made a personally meaningful and communicative work of art, or even several.
DOC: I mean, I WASN'T thinking that, but it also sounds pretty accurate. No?
PAT: Yeah no, it does. Hmm. I guess I need to scrape even MORE of me off this accursed thing, to hedge against constant scrutiny from the world's critics. 
Damn! Just when we were really building up a head of steam.
DOC: I'm sorry you sound so disappointed by a thing you seem to have just made up.
PAT: No, it'll be a good challenge. Frankly, I hate talking about me and my process so much anyway.
DOC: I can tell.
PAT: The only issue is ... well, we'll figure that out later.

[Long pause]

PAT: Do you think we —
DOC: My God. I was COMPLETELY asleep.
PAT: I warned you that it's hypnotic. 
But so, it's working? I mean, it's accurate?
DOC: I may have just gotten tired, I guess. 
But sure. There's ... motifs.
PAT: Yess!
DOC: And it certainly has a sort of mood to it. One mood, more or less, or rather exactly. 
So if this is what that artist you love so much sounds like, well ... it is. [Yawns]
PAT: Great. And I'll pass it off as being done by someone else, some unsuspecting rube. 
Somebody like, say, you — obviously it WON'T be you, but as an example.
DOC: [Suddenly fully awake] Please don't.
PAT: Yeah, I won't — God, just a RANDOM example. 
I'll say it's by Big Doggins, for instance.
DOC: Great.
PAT: I just have to make sure I leave as little as possible on here though, because it's not JUST the name. There are ... fingerprints. 
It's tough, because I keep talking.
DOC: It must be.
PAT: Maybe some other topics — things that aren't me, or what I'm trying to do. You got any good ideas?
DOC: Like, in general? My normal life?
PAT: Sure, whichever.
DOC: I mean, obviously. 
[Pause]
PAT: To talk about, I mean? They'd better be germane to the material ...
DOC: Well, I guess, uhm — do you foresee this musical being performed in a theater, that is to say, on a stage? 
I'm trying to picture it, to come up with more ideas to talk about.
PAT: I don't ... know, I guess. 
No, not like a 'Broadway musical,' if that's what you mean.
DOC: Yes.
PAT: No. Then no, not like that. 
It's a different kind of musical. More like a play with music, about the music.
DOC: But no acting? Or ... gesticulating?
PAT: It's FUNNY, remember. It's a comedy.
DOC: But not the music.
PAT: No.
[Pause]
DOC: I mean, it IS pretty funny, on occasion.
PAT: Thanks. 
I mean, that sucks. 

[Long pause]

PAT: Did you fall asleep again?
DOC: No.
PAT: Oh. You didn't mean the music, though, I realized, so thanks. Right?
[Pause]
Still no germane ideas to discuss, huh?
DOC: Well, since you don't imagine this piece being performed on a stage —
PAT: Besides the once, of course.
DOC: Pardon?
PAT: Right, staged on a set, probably with some sort of pyrotechnic action, time permitting. 
For the gesamtkunstwerk competition, remember? It has to be performed, and then a collectible edition of it has to be made available for sale, the whole dealbreaker. 
I can't imagine I'll film it, that's optional or anyway strictly for my own use — probably just give away this script, or maybe a studio recording of somebody, a couple of nobody soulless working schlubs like you and me, doing you and me, and they can have at it, if I have time before the deadline and travel and everything.
[Pause]
DOC: So it IS a musical, on a stage, with special effects. 
But, if I—
PAT: Not like a touring production, some big to-do charging five hundred bucks a pop, and that's BEFORE transportation and lodging! 
More of an art piece — or like, the very fact that it might even be staged at all being so ridiculous is part of the intentionary design. 
DOC: I see. 
And you think this ... sort of thing will appeal to people who DON'T already like your primary anonymous artist, or who—
PAT: Intrinsic — hey, let's not worry so much about what I think, remember? Or rather, forget.
We know all the right pieces are there, outside of a little additional scrubbing, the debris off of it, the face, which will crud in due time. Nothing to be.
In due time, and the fact of it is that no, I DON'T know if it'll appeal to ANYONE. 
Maybe a few other people have had this sort of unusual relationship with an artist and their music. Perhaps even THIS one.
I couldn't know, and can't possibly imagine due to task constraints. 
But if there are, they'd probably hate it even MORE.
DOC: Than who? 
PAT: The average jerk. 
Not that any random person you find and drag in to watch would hate it, or even necessarily be a jerk, but you have to admit — it's a risk.
DOC: For them? Or you?
PAT: For both of us. That's art, right?
DOC: It can be.
PAT: I largely assert that it has to be.
[Pause]
It doesn't have to be like THIS, obviously.
DOC: Obviously.

[Long pause]

DOC: Should I be considering the possibility that this whole, well, "sort of thing" is a prank, at my expense? Hmm?
PAT: You can consider just about anything imaginable, given the time. 
And it's a zombie comedy musical, or musical comedy, I'm just not sure yet.
DOC: I suppose it wouldn't be a very good prank if you admitted to it.
PAT: Yeah, but no, let's talk about it that way. Does it FEEL like a prank, to you? 
Pranks can be funny.
DOC: Not to the one being pranked.
PAT: Sometimes, some do. Some people love being pranked, it drives them nuts. 
They can't get enough of it. They seek it out.
DOC: I'm not one of those people, and I've never met one.
PAT: I have some crazy, idiosyncratic friends. They're involved in the local alternative comedy scene. It's NUTS, they're psychotic, you wouldn't understand.
DOC: I think I have some idea.
PAT: Anyway, their experiences aren't typical. But this sounds like one of their pranks, just the type of psycho entrapment and subterfuge they love. 
Maybe they'd do it to YOU. Maybe they know who you are and have an issue with it.
DOC: Me? Why?
PAT: I'm just saying, maybe they have some sort of idea about your personality, and what frightens you, and they don't like it. So they want to give you a scare. 
You ever thought about THAT?
DOC: I was talking about a PRANK.
PAT: I know, but THINK about it. Some pranks are scary, too.
[Pause]
DOC: If it WAS a prank, I guess I would just leave?
PAT: Yeah, it doesn't really work. Also, I'm traditionally extremely — it just isn't what I'm trying to do here. 
And I know what I want and what I'm ultimately trying to achieve and prove isn't the focus anymore, but still. Sure does seem like there has to be a limit to how much we exclude my self from this, and now we're up against it. 
But I just can't see doing this whole musical as a scary, hilarious prank on you. 
It's just not my nature.
DOC: Well, thank you. Thank you for that.
[Pause]
PAT: Telling you WOULD ruin it, though. 
You're right about that one. 

[Long pause]

PAT: What would a prank musical even BE? Let's pretend we're talking about a prank against multiple victims, not just you.
[Pause]
DOC: Well, for one thing, it would have to be designed to make them uncomfortable, without any guaranteed benefit.
PAT: But there's no way that'd be ENOUGH, right? 
That's like ... well, that's like a lot of stuff that ART is. We'll leave it at that. So no. It would have to be more targeted. And like ... worse.
DOC: What about something along the lines of "The 'Weird' Al 'Musical'?"
PAT: That's PARODY. Totally different. Have you seen it?
DOC: I have.
PAT: Did you suffer?
DOC: I did not.
PAT: Then it's not a prank.
DOC: Or at least — it has not been revealed to me that I did, or how much. 
PAT: Yet. That's another huge factor, the revelation of the prank's mechanism, and a quantification of impact.
DOC: For sure. Can an unrevealed prank even be considered a prank?
PAT: No. And so no — only if I revealed, to you, that this was all only to cause you suffering, could it reasonably be a prank horror musical on you.
DOC: Including how much.
PAT: And we've already established that revealing that it IS a prank, while it is still in progress, spoils the prank. 
So it isn't. One.
DOC: Glad we could sort that out.

[Long pause]

PAT: Two, it would be a really BAD prank, unless I was just randomly goofing around, instead of weirdly earnest about my actual desire to make a zombie musical, using just my artificial inspiration memories, this music, and a very particular kind of silence. 
DOC: I've been asleep again.
PAT: Three, I feel like this is uncovering some really fundamental insights about how people experience music subjectively.
DOC: [Long yawn] Who is, the song? Wow, I'm STILL much more tired than I thought.
PAT: The entire plan. And then, of course, the crucial aspect of scrubbing me off, which I think worked more or less perfectly. It really is something!
DOC: I can't argue with that.
PAT: How do we transfer what we enjoy about a delineable subset of the world's music to another person without having to evaluate their own experience of it?
DOC: Don't have the energy.
PAT: Exactly — none of us do, much less the TIME. 
We need to devise some sort of novel systemic method, to make things easier.
DOC: I'm still thrilled to not be being humiliated.
PAT: Oh, absolutely not. But it's like, I don't even remember what it sounds like anymore.
DOC: I know what you mean.
PAT: Do you?
DOC: Oh, not personally. 
I know what it sounds like because we're currently listening to it.
PAT: You are. Maybe. But I can barely hear it. 
For I have listened to it so much that I have forgotten how it sounds. Or perhaps it doesn't matter.
DOC: Which?
PAT: What it is.
DOC: I'm afraid I don't quite understand.
PAT: That's precisely it. You can never know what's going on in another person's head.
DOC: Mm-hmm.
PAT: Until they tell you.
DOC: Oh.
PAT: And then, you have to take them at their word. BEYOND their word.
DOC: I'm curious to know m—
PAT: You don't know if they hate you, or if they're secretly fascinated by your virtual obtrusions into their digital life, your soulless and lifeless avatar sucking out precious megabytes when all they needed to do was secure or promote an upcoming gig.
DOC: Who is this that might hate me, again?
PAT: No one. Or somebody, but it's nothing to be. 
A fictional image, an archetron. Whatever it's called, they're not real. 
Especially once they make it clear what's going on.
DOC: Then you can take them at their word.
PAT: You MUST. Now that you mention it, it IS sort of like a practical joke being played on them, for revenge.
DOC: Your use of the passive voice is suspicious.
PAT: Do you think of me as accountable? I'm not the only one doing this.
DOC: I'm not—
PAT: I'm not talking about you.
[Pause. Dr looks around.]
What if it's a COSMIC joke? 
You know, by the universe.
DOC: On ... all of us?
PAT: Whomever is willing to care about it.
Isn't that the chance you always take?
DOC: With jokes?
PAT: With musicals.
[Pause.]
That was a joke.
DOC: Ah. 
PAT: They're not my strong suit, as I think I've illustrated. That's why it couldn't just be me. 
It takes a lot of effort, you know.
DOC: I'm sure it does.
PAT: And coordination. 
Not like roller skating or driving a box truck, mind you, but reconciling incentive streams and supply lines across different real and fictional people one has come to depend upon for services and assistance or accommodations.
DOC: Fictional?
PAT: My bad, even the avatars are real in this scenario — or you better treat them like they are, if you want results at a fixed rate. 
They can change the percentages on you after delivery, dynamically, is why I bring it up — you should be careful about that. I've been burned.
DOC: I'm well aware. Various, vicious real and fictional antagonists, everywhere you seem to turn!
PAT: It's not like THAT. But still.
In any case, I don't BLAME the workers. They're just trying to eke out an advantage or a living or what have you. Nothing major or unforgivable. 
That's the main difference, I guess, compared to most musicals. They're usually composed less out of revenge.
[Pause]
DOC: Less than what?
PAT: Than whatever. Art, music, fun, communal justices, eternal reward, getting out of the house. There are plenty of suitable reasons if you need one.
DOC: I should be alright for now.
PAT: Glory ...

[Long pause]

DOC: Do you feel like you have what you need?
PAT: No.
DOC: Will you ever?
PAT: Probably so. Most probably, yes, I will get it.
DOC: I meant for your musical.
PAT: I know what you meant. I wouldn't have answered so quickly otherwise.
DOC: [Laughs] Well, now that you've had a little more time to think about it ... 
DO you? Big picture?
PAT: I mean, sure. Why do you ask?
DOC: For one thing, you answered pretty quickly, again.
PAT: It's a specious question.
DOC: What does that mean again?
PAT: It's like 'bullshit,' I think. But more clinical.
DOC: Well, what a kind answer, in that case.
PAT: You being a jerk about it? I can be more blunt in the future. I don't HAVE to protect your feelings. 
Or provide accurate definitions, for that matter.
DOC: I just thought it was a fair question. But I wouldn't argue with more straightforwardness.
PAT: That's what YOU think.
DOC: I do.
PAT: No, I was being a jerk about — never mind. 
[Exhales] I reckon I'm UNLIKELY to reach an end state with this musical stuff. I guess if something ever became hugely successful, on my terms, I'd think about it.
DOC: You'd probably think about little else.
PAT: I meant an end state.
DOC: But is that likely to happen, if you continue in your ... ways?
PAT: Again, not my problem. It seems like YOU want me to stop.
DOC: Not at all.
PAT: That would just make me want to not stop even more.
DOC: I know. That's WHY.
PAT: Mm-hmm. Maybe you're lying, though. 
Maybe this is all a prank on ME.
DOC: I wouldn't know the first thing about how to do that.
PAT: Is that the only thing holding you back?!
DOC: No, I ... [Laughs condescendingly] 
I'm not pranking you. Nor lying. 
You can trust me. I want you to continue.
[Pause]
PAT: Big picture?
DOC: Sure. Now and forever, to your heart's content.
PAT: Alright. 
So we have silence, revenge, and the anonymity narratives. But will that be enough?
DOC: Sure seems like a solid foundation. Honestly, what you've been describing is unusual enough that it seems difficult to "fail," in any traditional sense. 
Is it, perhaps, not ... challenging enough?
PAT: For who?
DOC: Well, you DID say you would almost certainly be delighted with the results.
PAT: Did I really? 
Oh, in front of my FAMILY, maybe — though I can't imagine I used that word. Even so, I might still hate it inside. 
I have a VERY high bar. I just don't allow it to prevent me from DISTRIBUTING stuff.
DOC: That DOES sound challenging.
PAT: You have no idea.
[Pause]
DOC: I'm beginning to feel like I need to check out some of these ... primary materials, see for myself. 
To be clear, I'm not excited about any "recommendations" you've made. 
Frankly, at this point ... never mind, but I'm considering it academic research, to determine how close you are to the targets of your imitation. Or not.
PAT: Makes sense.
DOC: Or not, but if you could just clearly write down the main, um, inspirator, as well as the others — and I can find those on the popular services, too?
PAT: [Writing] Focusing on the primary one, though. 
DOC: Right.
[Pause]
Thanks. 
[Looks at what P has written; sighs]
I'll be back.
PAT: I'll be here.
[Dr gets up and leaves]

[Long pause]

PAT: [Anxious] Well, I'm not looking to be cured of anything, so that's out. Validation? 
Resolutely — but not a PR firm to tell me how great I think I am. I mean, I DO still have to, but I don't anticipate finding that here. So what, then? 
Besides a foil, of course, a passive observer who also does the other part. 
I hope it's true that I worded my content decree appropriately enough to be cleanly enforceable, as well as captured a complicit affirmation, without giving anything away. 
Or too much, worst case. But mainly, this whole sort of thing morphing into a prank because of how LITTLE I gave away, THAT would be the absolute worst case, I suppose. 
I suppose, I wonder — when you really get presuppository about it, once you get the idea in your mind it's difficult to do anything before you figure out how much, or little, agency it's okay to retain, without the audience suddenly becoming pranked. And determining THAT is harder than nothing! Trust me, I looked it up.
Or the mere opportunity, perchance, for an interlocutor to say, 'Hey, you experienced so and so's piece, right? The gesamtkunstwerk?' 
And you to think back, and then them to go, 'Yeah you did, and that was a JOKE, on YOU. You've been PRANKED.' And laugh — or worse, rub on a shoulder.
It would be unthinkable. Except it's become irresponsible to NOT think about, as I'm the only one. Only out of, what, however many hundreds it took, own to me.
Only to, I suppose, one, given the power to put out the line of sight, the mind, of — eye power of the mind. It's impossible.
They're incredible, these my—
[Dr returns, briskly, with an angry tone and a head full of different hair]
DOC: Gimme a break. 
[Exhales subtly; trying to be nice again]
What is? 
PAT: [Guiltily points at own head] Power to mine.
DOC: You know what? I don't care. I mean, I'm sorry. I'm — how tough you want it to be? Or like, polite? I feel like we need to level set, except you already look kind of sad.
PAT: Not the same thing. But no, I love cruel feedback. It's a gift. 
Probably my WORST gift, if I'm being interviewed.
You found it, I presume?
DOC: I did. Listened to everything. It's a lot to take in, especially all the time.
PAT: Thanks.
DOC: Afraid to be nothing. Some, I liked. A few, I may learn to love. A healthy majority are absolutely terrible. 
But there's a common thread running throughout.
PAT: Yess!
DOC: No. Well "yes," but nothing like that.
PAT: Single s?
DOC: Zero. None of it sounds like this shit to me at all. Pardon my — still cool, with your feelings? Sorry.
PAT: No need to apologize. But this is all shit to you? You can swear, too.
DOC: It's not altogether bad, but it mostly sounds like, at best, a half-hearted parody of some of the primary artist's albums. Or styles, or sort of all of them. 
But it's not enough. Not funny OR accurate enough. To WORK.
PAT: One out of two?
DOC: Like I said, zero. That's the word that kept popping into my mind. 
"Zero." Guess it's the z thing.
PAT: I guess so. [Fumes]
[Pause]
DOC: You said you could take it.
PAT: Yeah, anything I want.
DOC: No, like "handle."
PAT: I don't like classical. [Still clearly irritated]
[Pause]
So really. Nothing? 
'Zero,' huh. It's not going to work?
DOC: I s'pose ... I didn't say that. And I'm not gonna start now. 
The project — as you described it, and assuming I understand, which, never mind — could still be a success, by some standards. Particularly yours.
PAT: Well thank God. You had me worried!
DOC: That makes two of us.
PAT: But it's still nothing two.
[A soft muffled laugh in the distance]
DOC: Not the same thing.
[Pause]
PAT: So what is it?
DOC: I guess that's always your decision to make. 
I'm just reacting to everything you're ... offering up. I can't land this bad boy.
PAT: I suppose you can't.
[Pause]
No, definitely not. You hate it!
DOC: I didn't say —
PAT: All this shit. All this fucking bullshit, you swear!
[Pause]
DOC: It really is fine.
PAT: The music? Or me, just now, acting out like a petulant diva?
DOC: You really want me to answer that?
PAT: I've always been curious.
[Pause]
DOC: I meant ... whatever you want to do. About this, with your time, for your loved ones. 
It's fine. Life is short, art is good. You don't need to justify it, or yourself, to yourself or me or anyone, or otherwise prove that it's all worth it somehow.
PAT: I know.
DOC: Whatever that means.
PAT: [Irritated again] It means 'I know.'
DOC: No, "worth it."
PAT: 'I know' what that means too, 'somehow.'
DOC: And what does it mean? To you.
PAT: No. In general. 
What it means to me is immaterial. I'm gone. Fully integrated and totally silent. 
Just words on the page and a sound of wind in the background.
[Pause]
DOC: I mean, I'm still interested to hear. 
I'm still listening.
PAT: I bet you are. I bet you relish every note and hi-hat and chord change. Even though there aren't many of those.
DOC: Or at least AS many, yeah. It likes to do what it does, that's for certain. You nailed it.
PAT: I'm sure it sounds nice.
Anyway, what 'worth it' means, to everyone, is whether or not the effort you put in in expectation of a result you got or didn't get can easily be explained to someone who is familiar with but does not like your work.
DOC: Uh-oh.
PAT: What. You think this is difficult? It's uncomfortably easy for me. 
Apologies if—
DOC: And obviously, I like your work. I'm just not sure—
PAT: You do?
DOC: Totally!
PAT: Well, thank you. 
[Pause]
Thanks. What's your favorite—
DOC: But I had no idea who you are. 
[Pause]
Still don't! Like I said, though, this is fine. 
[Points at music]
This is NICE! [Bobs fingers and snaps head]
PAT: Uh, yeah. I certainly love it, of course.
[Pause]
So are you on board with my definition, then? 
For 'worth it.'
DOC: My whole point was that I don't even need one.
PAT: Oh.
[Pause]
Yeah, I wasn't sure what I needed either. Out of this. Points, exposure, reinforcements.
DOC: But you got it.
PAT: I do?
DOC: I think you did. And that has to count for something. 
Everything, even — presuming you're fully off, like you debride.
PAT: Okay ...
DOC: Implied.
PAT: Huh, right. Got it. 
It's just ...
DOC: What?
PAT: I don't know.
[Pause]
DOC: Is it the competition?
PAT: No, that shouldn't be an issue. 
You want tickets?
DOC: Like I said, I'm busy.
PAT: Oh, right. Like you deblied. 
Well, I'll thank you from the daïs.
DOC: What's that?
PAT: It's a sort of raïsed platform, where they give out awards at ceremonies.
DOC: Oh, right, duh. 
[Pause]
So there'll be awards and everything?
PAT: Not for this. Not for me. 
That's never been the goal.
DOC: Why are you up there?
PAT: Pardon?
DOC: On the daïs. Thanking me.
PAT: For all you've given. Dedication. With love.
DOC: Oh ... [Confused] Glad to have ... helped out.
[Pause]
And, um, be on my merry way? Unless there's anything else ...
PAT: There is.
[Pause]
DOC: Ready whenever you are.
PAT: Go ahead then.
DOC: Hmm?
PAT: Admit it was a prank. The full shaboodle.
[Pause]
DOC: Sorry, are you talking to me?
PAT: Without a doubt.
[Pause]
DOC: I can't do that.
PAT: I KNEW it! 
Because it would ruin it, right?
DOC: No, because of — as we already established, the reveal is NECESSARY. 
But this isn't one.
PAT: An exposure? I can't recall what we've discussed. 
Or didn't. But I don't believe you.
DOC: Well, that's fine, but your recollection and beliefs are incorrect. What's "an exposure?" 
What would my angle even BE? 
PAT: I don't know. Make me feel like shit.
DOC: Because of what?
PAT: [Gestures at music] My life's work.
DOC: How? By magically making you be yourself and do the things you're determined to do?
PAT: [Shrugs] Sure. 
Or enabling it.
[Pause]
DOC: It would be a hell of a prank.
[Pause]
But c'mon.
PAT: YOU c'mon. I don't feel comfortable with this. 
I was feeling great, really secure.
DOC: Yeah.
PAT: And now I'm not sure.
DOC: It's NOT a prank. In either direction. 
By you, on you.
In every way.
[Pause]
PAT: I guess we'll see.
DOC: At the revelation of our suffering?
PAT: If it's any good.
[Pause]
DOC: Or hear.
PAT: I appreciate the wisecrack, but it's unlikely we'll hear anything back from the audience. Even if it's fantastic, or awful.
DOC: Darn it! Why's that? 
Oh, must be part of the competition guidelines.
PAT: No, it's not about the festival, or anybody else. 
It just doesn't usually work like that. For me. 
For anyone, really, but I can only speak from personal experience.
DOC: Obviously. Well, then I guess we WILL ... see.
PAT: Clear as day.
[Pause]
A symbol of what needs to be done and it's coming.
DOC: How's that now?
PAT: A signal. As unavoidable as an iconic brandmark. 
You know it even when you don't see it. Even if you can't.
DOC: Did I miss something? 
PAT: Hidden in plain sight. Phony plants and hollow hardcovers. 
Tradecraft, they call it, which makes it sound like a children's fair at the convention hotel. 
No, this is something else. 
But you know that. Because you know what it is.
[Pause]
DOC: You're still talking to me, right? 
[Pause. Dr leans closer and whisper-screams directly at P.]
In normal everyday language, you hear, not those damn human computer codes you love so God blasted much, so help me Christ? Such and such and God forsake it I will. Fuck you.
[Pause]
But if not, I'm listening.
PAT: As always. And always as now, and then concurrently and forever. 
It's something I'll come to depend on you for, despite my resistance. It all appears ... inevitable. 
I can see it now, clearly. No need to wait.
[Pause]
I can see it all.
DOC: Well, then ... long as everything's, you know, all ... RIGHT, with you, well — I guess that's wonderful to hear. 
Really something! Just like you said.
PAT: And just what you'd feared. But not anymore.
DOC: That's right! Or rather, I'd forgotten.
[A muffled scream in the distance]
What was that, again?
PAT: Nothing, too. 
[The music stops]
Be afraid.
[Pause]
DOC: Uh — [All of the lights go out]
[Curtain down]